This project focuses on a dataset that calculates the graduation results for all students by year; cohorts of 2001 through 2011 (Classes of 2005 through 2015) by the New York State Education Department. The calculation methods by the New York State Education Department was first adopted for the Cohort of 2001 (Class of 2005), and the cohort consists of all students who first entered 9th grade in a given school year. For instance, the 2006-2007 school year indicates that the Cohort of 2006 entered 9th grade.
In this project, I replace headers in the dataset, format the data to a readable format, identify outliers and bad data, recognize duplicates. Further, I conduct fuzzy matching. 
Changing headers in a dataset is not as simple that one may think. It requires packages like DictReader. I imported DictReader, and I used a few codes to accomplish the task. Like changing headers, packages must be imported in order to format the data to a readable format. Thus, I imported Reader; a Python package. Reader in collaboration with a few lines of codes format the data, which displayed the questions asked in the survey.
An outlier is an observation point that is distant from other observations in statistics. To discover the outliers in the dataset, I used the Python’s df.describe(). Also, I identified them with the Interquartile Range (IQR) method. 
Duplicates data are entries that have been added by a system user multiple time. Duplicates can significantly affect the outcome of a model in data analysis. To find the duplicates, I called the duplicated() function on the dataset, and I calculated the total number of duplicates. The function returned 0 as output. Therefore, the data does not have duplicated values.
Last, I conducted Fuzzy Matching. In the process, I created 2 different strings as categories because the data is not a good match for fuzzy matching.
